[Music]
www.fmsubs.com
Our quiet town of 7,000 residents holds
more than a Southern manners
and prize-winning fried
chicken recipes.
We also hold discretion.
The biggest indication of which lies in
our bank's coffers and buried in our dirt.
Cash - lots and lots of it.
In our small town,
we have 45 millionaires and 3
billionaires. That's a rough guess.
It all
depends on how stupid or smart
the generations have been with their Crown
Cola stock - that's where it came from.
Crown Cola. Say Pepsi or Coca Cola
in this town and you best
watch your back on the way out. It was Cole
Masten, Hollywood award-winning A-list
actor. The man women would
think about in the
dark of the night.
Who read a little
Southern novel that no one had ever
heard of and he was fascinated by it.
A novel about our town. A novel that
exposed the plantation homes for what
they were.
The camouflage of millionaires.
[Music]
God sent his son to remind...
- What? Now?
Sorry. Excuse me. Sorry.
Where is everyone? Why, hello?
[Music]
Sunday, only Yankees would think that
would be an appropriate time to thrust
themselves into our lives.
- Summer,
I'd imagine you're ready for your big day
tomorrow.
[Music]
Hello -Hi.
- What can I do for
somebody stopping by unannounced?
- Please
tell me you're the owner of this
fabulous estate.
- No. why? - Do you have
owner's number?
- Oh, I can't give you the
Holden's number known that you're a stranger.
Why do you want?
-I'm not really at
liberty to discuss.
-Oh, well, good luck.
But, what? God.
[Music]
Feel free to take a seat, Mr. Payne
It is hot out.
How do you know my name?
- The way you've
been stomping around town? The cows in
Thomas County can even know your name.
-Is that why
I've been so unsuccessful? Because I'm as
you so politely put it, stomping around?
It’s two-fold.
You’ve been stomping around town but
you've not been telling people what you want.
This is a private town and we don't
like strangers.
I was instructed to be discreet.
Were you instructed to be successful?
Because you can't be both.
I’m Summer. Summer Jenkins.
- Bennington Payne. My friends call me
Ben and at the moment,
you're looking like the
only friend I have around
Here.
- Lets not label this relationship just yet.
Now, what do you want in Quincy?
- I’m a location scout from
Envision entertainment and I'm here to
Procure your spots for-
- The movie.
How do you know?
- Everybody in Quincy knows
about the movie.
The mayor got the call.
Caroline, the new secretary
she called her sister.
Within five minutes, it had
spread like wildfire.
You see there are
two types of secrets in Quincy.
The ones
we keep close and then we have the
really juicy one.
- And the movie news is juicy.
So there shouldn't be a problem.
- No one
Is gonna let you film in their home.
- Why not?
They get money, fame and bragging rights.
People in Quincy don't need money.
Present company excluded.
This is the old South.
Bragging is a sign
of weakness.
- Please, all the mansion's all
the big gates.
- Mm-hmm. All old money.
This movie is starring the Cole Masten.
Academy Award-winning actor.
Quite possibly,
the most beautiful man to grace
Hollywood in the last decade.
The man
women dream about in the dark of the night.
Really? Not all the women.
So what do I do?
I need a mansion preferably two and a
Bar or tractor, a cotton field
in 15 other locations.
What I think you need? You need
a local somebody from Quincy. Somebody
who can negotiate with the landowner and
someone that can make all the necessary
Arrangements with the locals.
- But that’s my job.
How much they are paying you for this job?
120,000 -I'll do it for 25. –15. –20.
And I’m the only hope you have.
[Music]
Deal.
Okay. Are you ready?
- Let's do it. –Cole, tell us
about your wife.
- I don't she
Needs an introduction I am pretty sure
you're familiar with her.
- Well, you've
been married now almost five years, which,
in Hollywood is quite a feat. Tell our
viewers what is your best advice for a
successful marriage?
That’s a good question.
I think a lot of elements
elements make for a successful marriage.
But if I had to pick one, I would say
Honesty. Honesty is crucial.
Nadia and I
have no secrets.
We tell each other everything.
Our philosophy is to get everything
out in the open, no matter the
Consequences.
- I think that's great. I hear
you're going to my home state of Georgia
for your next project.
- I am, yes.
The Fortune Bottle.
It's a story of the early days
of this soda and the wealth that
created in a small town called Quincy.
and how a young feisty secretary played
By Minka was very instrumental in the
Development of the product.
It's based on a book
I read and it's also the very
First time that I'm in charge
of the production.
We're gonna start filming soon.
I’m looking forward to seeing
The Fortune Bottle when it hits the screen.
So good to see you, Jenny.
Thank you so much for having me.
Come back any time.
Minka can't make it.
She wants to reschedule the
read-through tomorrow.
Her heart's not in this project, Cole,
which is going to make it more difficult
for me to direct her especially if she keeps
rescheduling our meeting.
- She said she's in.
I can't think of anybody else
Who fits that role.
- We need an Ida, Cole. Can’t make the movie
without her.
- I'll handle it.
Okay, uh, do you want me to schedule a
massage for you later today.
- No, take me home.
I want to surprise Nadia.
Oh, and, uh,
what's going on in Quincy?
Oh, the location manager
was a real hot mess.
But he has turned it around and
he's securing locations as we speak.
I liked my hotel.
It has a pool and it's
hot here in Georgia.
Why did she just looked at you like
she'd been into a bad piece.
- Quincy and I have history.
Good afternoon, Mrs. Wright.
This is Mr. Bennington Payne.
He's in town scouting for locations for
the movie.
That'd be the one with Cole Masten?
That's right. The Fortune Bottle.
Mr. Payne would like to
stay with you if you have
room, of course.
Oh, would you now?
- He'll be in town for
quite sometimes while,
he prepares things
for the movie and of course he's working
very closely with Cole Masten.
- Oh, is that so?
Well, I might just have a room for you?
Mr. Payne.
[Music]
How bad is this?
Gargantuan bad.
- Is the movie gonna crash?
- No, The Fortune Bottle
isn't crashing, okay?
Movies don't fall apart
over this. We should be more
worried if this is the end of Codia.
People love Codia.
Cole and Nadia are the
glue that holds our picture-perfect
world together.
They buy each other extravagant
gifts and have ridiculously hot sex
together.
Codia can’t fall apart. They can't get
divorced and we certainly can’t have Cole
attempting murder on Nadia's lover.
Sheriff called and he's
worried if Cole Masten’s
violent. He's had a lot of calls
from voters. This is an election year.
Votes are everything.
Of all the things I'm worried about
Cole Masten’s risks to townsfolk
is not one of them.
- It’s not
The townsfolk he's worried about.
He’s worried about your
California golden boy.
This is the carry state.
We value our
personal safety here.
We don't want him getting
himself shot.
- Shot? They can’t
shoot the Cole Masten.
No one is shooting-
Okay. Okay! Just simmer down.
I think you got a
wrinkle.
[Music]
On your forehead. Yeah.
The moment you’re yammering about Cadia.
- Codia! Not Cadia.
Codia.
- Whateveria.
[Music]
Cole. – Got the divorce papers.
- Honey, just hold a second.
I’ll be right back.
Let’s go somewhere private.
I'm sorry, Cole.
You should have called.
I got our lawyers involved.
It's over.
We're over. –No.
-I don't love you anymore.
I don't know if I ever really did love you.
I mean, I think,
I just like the idea of you.
- but, how?
- That we’re equals and you're
no longer Bikini Babe Number 3.
- Yeah.
I'm sorry. It's not personal.
- This. This
makes it personal.
Never caring about
The Fortune Bottle and now you want it.
It’s a joint asset.
- No, it is not. I purchased it.
I am producing it.
No one's gonna think
it's a joint asset.
- I think it is and,
Tony agrees. – Tony, our lawyer?
He's not my lawyer.
How quickly you moved from an apology
to business?
How long have you been
planning this?
I need a lawyer. The best damn divorce
lawyer in the country.
That would be Brad DeLuca.
He handles
every big celebrity divorce.
- Get him here
I don't care the cost.
- All right. I’m on it.
Wait where do you want to go?
- Anywhere with alcohol
and women.
- Okay.
[Music]
Shit!
Thank you.
You're late.
- Sorry. Business to attend.
Bullshit! Pussy isn’t business,
and this,
right now, is the most important
thing in your life.
So when we make an appointment,
keep it.
- You know you work for me, right?
here. This is Leonard McCloud.
He’ll put up with your bullshit and
cover your ass in court.
Oh, so they're the best. –Exactly.
-I've paid you
your advance.
- And, I’ll refund it.
- Sit down and hold on.
Please.
Sit down.
I'm sorry. I’m late.
Sorry?
- I'm sorry.
Look, you've been a celebrity
for a long time,
but in a courtroom, against your wife?
You’re equals to each other.
You’re, you’re nothing to the judge.
You’re normal.
If I'm gonna represent you,
you have to know that life as you know
it is over.
You're not a bachelor yet,
not until this divorce
is final. You are my bitch,
and I will say
if and who you fuck,
what you say to whom,
and when and how you work.
If you want to keep this film as yours,
you will leave this shithole
of a city and go to Georgia.
You’ll keep your dick clean
and that pretty-boy head of yours down
and do your job… nothing else.
I've buried five,
five of your indiscretion since Sunday.
My team doesn't have
time for the popularity
contest your dick has entered.
We are gonna paint you as Hollywood's
Golden Boy. You listen to me,
and I promise you
I will keep The Fortune Bottle of yours
and any other shared assets you want.
I just want the movie.
She can have the rest.
Okay, I need you to commit to my terms.
No sex. No relationships. No women.
Agreed.
Oh, and,
let's go.
Go where? –Quincy. -Morning, Masten.
–This guy is fucking lunatic.
We’re getting in a jet right now.
Heading to Quincy.
Now, now?
– Yes. Now, now.
It’s a fucking Brad’s idea.
You’ll be there in a three and a half-
[Music]
Hey, you're that movie star?
Well, what you doing in Quincy?
You got engine trouble?
No, has my assistant not called?
- Nope.
Nope, nobody's called.
- Is my car ready?
- Nope.
- Bad news. Your assistant
been in an accident.
What?
Posted on TMZ.
He's alive, but he's
pretty beat up.
- We got to get back to LA.
- No. No.
- He's been my assistant for 13 years.
I gotta go see him.
No, you're not going anywhere.
Oh, the
LA hospitals are gonna be a zoo,
waiting for you.
- Mean to a borrow a vehicle?
That worked for you?
- Sure thing.
I'm checking the local contact now.
You’re going to burn.
-No, I’m not.
–Yes, you are.
You didn't put on any sunscreen.
I don’t wear sunscreen.
- You do realize the Sun is literally
aging you before my eyes.
You do realize you're
in Georgia and not the
Wild West and you've completely
ridiculous in that cowboy hat.
- I look
fantastic.
- You look stupid.
[Laughter]
No days off for important people.
- Bennington Payne. Where am I right now?
Quincy. I’m sorry. Who is this? Yes, sir?
Yeah, I thought that- okay. Okay.
What’s your address?
4 Darrow Lane.
- 4 Darrow Lane. Okay, yeah.
Thank you so- ciao!
Cole Masten is here.
That was his attorney
wanted to know where I was
He’s bringing Cole Masten, here. Now.
How far away is the airport?
- Five. Maybe 10 minutes.
[Music]
They're not going to come inside.
They're just
coming to pick me up.
They’d probably
won't even get out of the car.
- Okay.
Are you sure this is the right place?
Yep. Yep, Yep.
Hi.
–Hi. Is Bennington there?
[Music]
Is Bennington here?
- Yes, he’s been expecting you.
Uh, would you be a dear and fetch him
for us.
- Sure, I'll just get it.
Thank you.
No!
- Hi, I’m Ben. Bennington Payne.
It’s so lovely to meet you.
- Bennington, will you get
Mr. Masten settled in his hotel now?
I'm so sorry but because we weren't
expecting Mr. Masten
so soon, the estate
where he'll be staying
– Kirkland’s house
won't be ready for a few more days
but there are other options in town.
Sorry, what? it turns
out the Kirkland house
isn't available yet but Bennington here-
It's Ben.
- Yeah, has a few ideas where
he can house you for the time being.
Sorry to ruin this delightful porch party,
but can we take this inside?
Air conditioning?
- Sure, if you have a second,
can I get y’all some sweet tea.
Actually, I gotta get going.
My wife will have
my head if I don't come home in time
for dinner.
- I’m afraid, I didn’t catch your name?
Oh, Summer. Summer Jenkins.
It's nice to meet you.
- I could fix you
sweet tea for the road.
- No. That wouldn’t be
necessary but I appreciate the offer.
Nice meeting you.
Behave!
How about that tea?
- Sparkling water, please.
We don't have sparkling.
- Still is fine.
How was your flight?
You do know it's rude to
ignore someone when they're asking you a
question.
I've booked you in a motel room for a
couple of days until your estates ready.
Start over I wasn't listening.
- I found you
a motel room until your state's ready
in a couple of days.
- Who are you?
No offense but how are
you involved in this?
She's been helping me.
- No offense, Mr. Masten,
but you stood in my living room,
sucking up my air-conditioner,
drinking my
still water.
That's why I'm here and I'm
not involved in anything,
Mr. Masten. Ben here
is my friend.
We were having a pool party
when your attorney called and
bulldozed y’all’s in here.
You’re all Southern fight and
spitfire attitude. - Yeah,
get out or I swear to God,
I'll shoot you.
She means it. She has
gun in her coat closet.
She's fantastic.
Pardon me?
There’s only a month before
filming it's impossible.
Minka is dying to get out of
this movie. I'm telling you,
this girl is
perfect.
Get your ass on a plane and come to Quincy.
You're an actor, Cole.
You know everybody
can't do this.
The last thing I want is
is to stick a wooden face on the screen.
That's the beauty of it, Don.
She won't have to act at all.
She just has to be
herself.
No. I am NOT throwing this
whole movie in the can just because some
wannabe starlet sucked your dick.
cornfield.
Cotton field. Didn’t you read the book?
And I am not in love.
This girl completely blew
me off but she was
Georgian as hell doing it.
Pure friggin’ Southern charm.
I'm telling you
you come here. Meet the girl,
and if you you don't
like her, all right. Tell me
to go to hell tomorrow.
Alright, I have a plane
waiting for me Van Nuys
in an hour.
- Yes!
Alright, let's turn this baby around.
Let's go back to the girl's place.
What was her name again?
- Summer. You want to cast
cast her in Minka’s role. –Yep.
- But that’s the lead.
She’s perfect for the role.
- Maybe,
you should let me bring it up to her.
She can be a little headstrong.
Yeah, I got that.
- I don’t think she likes you very much.
Good. That’s a good thing.
- Summer!
He wants you to star in the movie.
- Oh, come on. Bennington Payne,
are you yanking my legs?
No, I’m not. He wants you to take
Minka Price’s role. He says you’re perfect.
Authentic. He said authentic.
“She’s perfect for the role”.
- How much does it pay?
Girls in LA they’d screwed.
They kidnap, they
kill for something like this.
- No, seriously. How much does it pay?
No idea. I don’t know. Ask Cole.
He’s in the car.
- D’you mean waiting in the car? – Yes.
You must be Cole Masten.
- Oh, how’d you know?
My daughter left me a voice message said
don't come home.
Cole Masten is here.
And nothing makes a mother come home quicker
than to tell her to stay away.
How do you know Summer?
- I just met her today.
A few hours ago. I came here to meet Ben.
- Oh, you work on the movie also?
I’m an actor.
An award-winning actor.
- Well, that's nice.
I’m Francis Jenkins.
Would you be a dear and
help me inside with this stuff.
- Of course.
An actor, you say?
Yes, ma'am.
We need to work on that Southern drawl.
Mama. I see you ignored my voicemail.
Oh, you called? I must have missed that.
- Thank you.
So did Ben talk to you about the part?
He did. –And?
- And I’d be curious
what kind of conversation you'd be offering.
What kind of compensation would you like?
I don't know. I don't know what
would be fair. That's why I'm asking you.
- And you trust me to be fair?
- Well, I trust you
to give me your honest opinion about
what the size of the role in this type
of movie for someone of my
experience would be worth.
A hundred thousand and that's being generous.
Your name is negative box office weight.
I'll have to spend a fortune to get you
camera ready.
but I like you Summer and I think you
fit the part. - Don't do that.
- Do what?
That smile thing.
It's really creepy.
Millions of Americans would disagree.
Are you interested or not?
- No.
No, I'm not.
-You're not?
No. Not for that amount.
I'm worth more.
-The toe of your shoe
all together by duct tape.
- The amount of money
I have is not indicative of my worth.
If it was, it would indicate
the lesser of us two
individuals on this porch.
You’re saying you’re nothing lesser
the individual.
- I'm saying that right now
the only one of us being an ass here is you.
So you don’t want the part.
- No.
Not for that amount.
Goodbye, Mr. Masten. That’s what we say,
in the South, when one person leaves.
It’s called valediction.
- What is it called
when one person makes a huge mistake?
- It’s called life.
Gosh, she’s infuriating.
Bad day? He's very handsome.
Yeah.
- Want to talk about it?
That eggs already been laid.
It can't be put back
in the chicken now.
-He's very handsome.
[chuckled]
He's also very married.
Night, Summer
- It’s late.
I know how anal you are about
calling before I come.
- Summer, I’m picking up Don Waschoniz,
The Fortune Bottle’s director, in this
pisshole you called airport in 20 minutes.
Then, we’re coming to you. So meet
us outside in 30. If you can sell him
on your sweet demeanor, then,
the role is yours.
You can name your damn price.
Five hundred thousand that's
what I want and then,
I'll do it.
- Fine, 500,000 it is.
Is that, uh-
- Apple cobbler? It is. I was gonna
make pie but I didn’t have time.
Hope that’s okay for you all.
- Oh, Mr. Don Waschoniz.
It’s nice to meet you.
I’ll have you out here on the
porch because my mom is asleep
and she has to be up early in the morning.
I don't want to wake her.
I thought we could all talk out here.
I’ll get you all the cobbler.
So you live with your mama.
- Yeah, my whole life. This is
where I learned to make cobbler.
I don’t like cobbler.
- You'll eat it and
you'll like it, Mr. Masten.
Ahh… there’s my girl.
Coming?
-Yeah.
She’ll be out in a minute.
Hey, y’all. Ben, can you grab
the door? There you go.
- We’re short on time, Summer.
Would you like some cobbler?
I know that you said in there
that you don't like cobbler
- I'm good.
Summer, can you stand over here?
Oh, sure. Like this?
- How old are you?
29. Never married.
- Turn your head to the left.
Turn your head to the right.
Say something. –Like what?
- Whatever comes to mind.
The brown fox jumps over the lazy dog.
- Tell me about the cobbler.
Cobbler? Well, I would have made pie.
Pies much more popular around here
but it takes a great deal longer.
Look at me now. Follow me when I move.
- It’s all about the apple.
Honeycrisp or Granny Smith.
[Music]
I need to see some fire in you, Summer.
Can you get angry for me?
Give me some edge,
Why do you want to know what
goes into my apple cobbler,
Mr. Waschoniz? Are my
homemade desserts not good enough for you?
Don't come into my house
and insult my cooking.
I will trot your testicles up,
wipe that California for a smile
right off your face.
I will poison your taste.
Okay. Okay.
You can do crazy? I get it.
Summer, honey, are you okay?
I heard voices.
- I'm sorry to wake you, mama.
The movie people came. – Oh,
- They want me in the movie.
In the movie? You mean, with that
good-looking young men.
– Don’t smile like that
he just wants me for the movie.
You saw?
-Mm-hmm, if you say so, honey.
[Music]
This is a joke, right?
This isn't actually where
I'm supposed to be
staying for the next three months.
Please tell me, it's just this room.
Curtains with chickens. Really?
-They’re roosters. You can tell
by the red comb and the wattles.
I want this chicken shit out of here.
- Oh, come on.
It’s cute and homey.
We can't change any of the décor.
Actually that was a very
firm stipulation
in renting the Kirkland’s house.
We can't move or change anything.
And who exactly agreed to that bullshit?
We did and that bullshit is the only
reason you're standing in some
cockroach infested motel. Ben here,
Ben is working his ass off for you.
I think you know about it all the way in
California with all you-
What’s wrong with you?
-What wrong with me? Are you
kidding me? You’re just-
Kiss you. Yeah. Big deal.
You wouldn’t shut up.
- You didn’t ask me to shut up.
You don’t usually ask people to shut up.
You tell them to.
- Hell, I’m telling you
kiss me again like that
and I’ll rip your eyes
out from their sockets.
Well, don’t worry princess.
I have no desire
to repeat that experience.
I’ve had better.
Much, much better.
where's she going?
- Home. Holden’s plantation
and Kirkland’s house.
They’re neighboring estates.
She was living right next?
How pissed is she right now?
Never mind.
Don't answer that.
Let’s go, uh, we’ll see
some locations.
-You’re okay?
[Music]
What the fuck is wrong with you?
- What? It's 8:00 in the morning?
I’m well aware of that.
And my wife has come
three times so far this morning,
so get your ass
out of bed and be productive.
- I’m on California time.
I was very clear on my instructions to you.
You were to go to Quincy and behave.
Not run around grabbing the first
single woman you find. And then
you made her your co-star?
- How do you know that?
Deadline.
- It hasn't hit any press. But it will.
And Nadia’s attorneys are gonna
crucify you with it. You can’t put your
new girlfriend in the movie that we’re trying-
She’s not my new girlfriend.
I’m sorry. Your new fuck
- No.
She is nothing and I didn't cast her ‘cos of-
I cast her because she is Ida Pinkerton.
She’s perfect for the movie;
she was born for this role.
And you’d be proud of me because
I’m behaving. I haven’t thought
about Nadia once I settle down here.
Then why did you kiss her?
- How did you know that?
The scout told me. We hired him.
- There was nothing. That kiss was nothing.
This relationship with her worth half of
The Fortune Bottle because that's what
is at stake here.
There is no relationship. Can I just
go back to sleep now?
Sure. At least when you're sleeping
I don’t have to worry about you.
Check your email when you wake up.
I sent over the response we filed
against Nadia. It’s brutal;
I’m just gonna warn you. I don't want to
punish Nadia. I just-
- We’re only being aggressive about
The Fortune Bottle, though I think
you're being a fucking Saint
about everything.
Pop you later.
What?
- I brought you something.
Is it breakfast?
- Are you just going to holler down at me
in the rain, or are you gonna let me in?
I could have waited for you
to put some clothes on.
I don't think so.
You seem very persistent with those rocks.
What do you have for me?
Can you please put some pants on?
It’s rude to waltz around with your junk out.
I know yesterday was a little
rough so I wanted
to make it up to you with the
housewarming present.
- A housewarming present.
To mend the fences.
Between you and me.
You want to kiss and make up.
In a metaphorical sense, yeah.
What you get for me?
–Right. Are you crazy?
Is that a serious question?
- What normal person
will get someone a fucking bird
for the housewarming gift.
- It’s not a bird.
He's a baby rooster. Oh, come on.
I thought it would be funny.
It’s hilarious. What am I
supposed to do with him? Eat them?
- No, he’s a
pet.
I'm serious, Summer.
I can't have a rooster.
I don't have time. I'm too busy.
I don't know anything about chickens.
It’s a rooster. I've had Fred
sexed him for me.
You'll be able to tell by the little
spikes on the top of his head.
Now I need
you to line this with
newspaper. Make
sure the lamp stays on all night.
Baby chickens need a lot of warmth.
- You are
taking this thing home with you.
- No, I’m not.
It's a gift and you do not refuse
gifts. It’s rude.
[Music]
Oh and Cole? Welcome to Quincy.
Hey, aren’t you the guy, that, uh
I just got a baby rooster,
Cocky. I set the most
original name but-
- Why'd you bring it with you?
I don't know. I mean,
doesn't it need
to be checked out or I don't know
if I could leave it alone?
You know, it's a chicken.
It ain't a pet.
I mean, you don't need to give
it a name or put up a
bedazzled collar on it.
What does it eat?
- Corn.
Corn? That's it?
- Yeah, it's a chicken.
I mean we ain't got
no Chef Boyardee nine flavors
rainbow got a crap.
If you want to get fancy,
You can use that FRM formula over there
and cost twice as much.
They don't make a
squat shit a bit of difference.
Anything else I might need for him?
Vitamins? Shots? medicines?
- It's a ch-
Chicken, yeah. Got it.
Hello. Special delivery from
Miss Ida Pinkerton.
Here's a script
- Thank you.
Love that dress would look better on me.
You sign that contract yet?
- It's eight-two pages long.
There can't be anything good
to say in that many pages.
Then get an agent like a
good little actress and
have them look it over.
- And have them take a percentage?
No.
- Summer, I can't even with you.
Either sign the thing or
pay someone to review it.
Hell, get a lawyer.
Pay him an hourly review.
- My ex is a lawyer.
- Do you trust him?
- I hate him but,
yeah, in business, I do.
- Great. Give him a call.
I gotta run. Mwah!
- Bye.
Hi, Scott.
- Summer, how are you?
Fine, thank you. I have a contract
that I'd like you to look over.
If you good.
- Okay, yeah.  I can do that just,
uh, send it on over to
Shelley, my assistant.
And she'll make sure I get that today.
I know who Shelley is.
She was one of our bridesmaid.
Of course you do.
Something I'm used to saying.
It's a talent contract for the new movie
they want me to be in.
Really?
- Cole wants me for the lead.
Cole?
- I've got to run, Scott and uh,
I'll send it to Shelley.
There's have been a lot of curiosity
about you in town. You work in the movie.
That's just distracting facts from their
original business toward me.
Well, I was thinking that
you want to leave.
And that's why you wanted the job.
For the money and a fresh start.
Oh no, don't you worry about me.
I mean,
that is what you do or not.
Yeah, right? This little-
you feeling guilty?
Quincy was a great place for you
to grow up, Summer.
But you're a woman now.
And you you need to find your own place
in the world.
I know that and I wouldn't be
a good mama if I tried to hold you back.
Where will you go?
- I don't know,
but I know I want to be
somewhere different.
I want to be someone different.
Someone without a path.
Someone without scorn.
I want where I want to be is
someone with a future.
Will you come with me?
No.
No sweetie. I won't. But you
will always have a home.
Right here, with me.
So let that give
you the confidence to go right out there
and take some risks.
You deserve that, Summer.
Deserve that.
[Music]
Can you believe they
cast Summer as the
leading lady?
- And she had the nerve to
call Scott and ask for his help.
Hasn't she done enough to that poor boy?
Maggie! Hi.
How's that husband of yours?
He's got one foot on a banana peel and
the other on the grave, honey.
[Music]
Nice truck.
- Brand new. Bought all by myself
without my assistance help
because he's in the Hospital.
Did you put him there?
What did you want?
I'm trying to call you for
the past three hours.
You're not picking up
your cell phone.
I don't have a cell phone.
No, you've been calling the
house phone. I've been
out here working.
- You don't have a cell phone.
- Nope.
- You need to get a cell phone.
At least for the next
couple of months until
the movie wraps then you're welcome to
go back to your life of reclusion,
if you like.
- Why were you calling me?
- You got media training tomorrow
Are you building this fence?
- Mm-hmm.
- Isn't there someone more-
Don't you dare says-
I'm more qualified.
- I'll help.
- Hey, City Boy. You stay in the truck.
We don't want you getting dirty.
I know how to fix the fence, Country.
You called me City Boy. Stay.
Cocky. Just set him down on
the tailgate and roam around.
- He seems to like it.
- Where did you ever build a fence before?
- Didn't you ever seen the Legends of Montana?
Nope.
- Spent six months on the ranch.
Bought the
damn thing afterwards.
So yeah, I know
how to fix a fence.
Thank you for your help.
Got a lot of chores
to do before the movie starts.
Yeah.
See you around.
See you at the media training.
I'm Brecken Nichols,
media consultant in charge of PR
for the fortune bottle.
You will be required
to help promote the movie so we need
to make sure that you handle
yourself with confidence and
professionalism.
We're going to review
posture, smiling for
the camera, jargons
and abstractions.
Set up straight. Okay.
Hold yourself with poise.
It just-
[Music]
Relax. You, literally,
look like you have a
stick up your ass.
Glad I'm not the only one she hates.
Grab some lunch.
I'll work with her for a bit.
You know, I don't eat.
Neither should you
by the way.
- Who is she?
I'm going to turn of the camera.
How many you guys have worked on so far?
- Uh, something about jargon and
abstractions.
As you can see it's gone
real well.
- You don't have to worry about jargon.
You're Southern, that's okay.
Okay.
We don't need you to change that.
Ordinance,
though, might be a problem for you.
Rambling.
Don't ramble. Abstractions.
The verbal fillers,
that 'you knows', the 'uhhs'-
I know, I know.
The fidgeting, blinking,
Summer, look at me.
Forget the rules.
Just ask me a question.
- What kind of question?
- Any kind of question.
Are you in pain?
You don't seem upset about her leaving.
Don't ramble.
Be concise and don't look away.
That indicates shame.
Nadia and I were together for a long time.
Whenever you lose someone after a
long time, it hurts.
But I think it's for the best.
She's happier in her new relationship.
And that's what I want.
For her to be happy.
That's what I would say if a reporter
asked.
It would put me on the
high road and subtly turned
everyone against her.
Is it the truth?
No. Feel very odd about Nadia.
I feel stupid.
I feel off balance.
I feel taken advantage of.
I like that answer better.
So would the press.
The truth is always more
Do you feel closer to me now?
Having heard that?
- Yeah.
If the public knows you, Summer.
They will destroy you.
I can't help themselves.
They love our weaknesses
so much, that they dig deeper,
they feast
and pillage on our exposures until we
ask people- you as Summer,
me as Cole-are gone.
And all there's left is what they want
to see. Any other questions?
- What?
- Ask it.
- Were you telling the truth when you said,
I was a bad kisser?
No. -No.
- Be concise. Don't ramble.
I suppose being evasive is one of the
rules also, right?
- Yeah, actually it is.
Anytime you can be evasive, you should.
- Wait!
Thank you. It's been a while
I needed to hear that.
-It's been a while since you were kissed?
Don and I are meeting at my place
tomorrow morning early to go over the script.
You should be there.
- Sure. What time?
- but I'm 8 a.m. Don't be late.
Okay. We're ready to get back at it.
- Yeah.
- Sit. Not like you're milking a cow.
Where's summer?
- I don't know. Her line's been busy.
- Busy. Is everything okay.
- Yeah.
- I'll go get her.
[Music]
Summer.
I pass your door. It's unlocked.
Your phone's been busy.
[Music]
For the love of God, Summer.
If you want me to stop,
you'd better tell me right now.
[moaned]
Yeah.
[Music]
Wake up, Summer.
- That's a mistake.
- That was not a mistake.
It was. Stupid!
Is this something that you do?
You'd go psycho after you fuck someone.
I don't fuck people and I'm not a psycho.
I just don't want to
cuddle with my co-star.
- Co-star?
Pretty high on yourself, aren't you?
- Oh, you really are
an asshole.
Summer, am I missing something?
Did I do something to piss you off?
- Yeah, you're married.
My wife fucked half of Hollywood while
we were married.
- Oh, that's what marriage is to you too.
She cheats so you cheat?
Everyone goes away
happy and even?
I never from the day
I met Nadia, kissed
another woman,
slept with another woman.
Not until she served me divorced papers.
Now there's a long list of my name on
top of her.
Please leave, Cole.
[Music]
God sent his Son so we might-
- What? Now? I'm sorry.
Sunday. Only Yankees
would think that
would be an appropriate time to thrust
themselves into our lives.
[Music]
- Come on.
- Summer, I imagine you're ready
for your big day tomorrow.
Don't you mind them, honey.
- I don't. I just don't
feel great.
You're probably going to help me anyway.
I'm an idiot.
- You're not an idiot.
No, I'm an idiot.
- You're not gonna get pregnant, are you?
Because that would make you an idiot.
No. I have a morning-after pill.
- You bagged a movie star. You should be
bragging on Twitter and
throwing a fucking party.
Seriously, Ben. How much if
I did mess this up?
- By screwing your co-star?
Honey, you wouldn't be Hollywood if you
didn't bang a co-star at some point.
It's nothing.
Don't let it affect your performance?
- I won't.
- It's a good thing
my character hates it and we started
filming more now.
I just want to get this movie
out the way and leave town.
Forget my past and forget Cole.
Masten.
When do you leave?
- A few days. No more beer.
Now let's bring you into the 21st century
and get you a cell phone.
Cocky tried to crow this morning.
I was in the kitchen when
I heard him in the yard.
First, I thought it was hurt.
I know I've heard it when they learn it.
Takes him a while to figure it out.
- Yeah.
It was pathetic.
I was embarrassed for him.
- Oh, he'll learn.
And when he does, he'll do it
all hours of the day.
Not just at dawn like in the movies.
Gotta love Hollywood, right?
Do you need something?
- Are we good?
- Stay out of my way and we'll be just fine.
- I don't chase, Summer.
- This is not a game!
I'm not saying one thing and meaning another.
Leave me alone.
- I was wrong about you.
You're a terrible actress.
It's my money, and I think
I know how I want to spend it.
Honey, you don't want to invest in refreshments.
Let the boys
downtown give you a
Certificate of Deposit
for that money.
Or bonds. Bonds are a
great safe place for
your little inheritance to sit.
Don't talk down to me.
If I wanted to let my money
and smoke it like your cheap cigars,
I'll do so. I believe in this product,
just as much as you and all the other
investors. I want in.
Thank you, Mr. Mitchell.
Some of the investors aren't wild about
having a woman on board, Miss Pinkerton.
And what would your opinion be on the matter?
I love women. Then again,
you already knew that,
didn't you, Ms. Pinkerton?
- I have no idea
what you're talking about, Mr. Mitchell.
Don't touch me!
- I'm sorry, Country. I thought you liked it
when I touched you.
CUT! What the fuck was that?
- Ask your golden boy here.
He put condoms in my suitcase.
Is that too racy for you Southern belles?
Relax, Summer. It's a prank.
Stop it, you two!
I did not sign on to referee.
Let's wrap for today.
It's fine. It's funny.
- Look at her.
So did we get it?
- I think so, despite your best efforts.
She needed her feathers ruffled a little.
She's getting too tense.
It's my money and I think I know
how I want to spend it.
- Honey,
you don't want to invest in refreshments.
Let the boys
downtown give you a Certificate
of Deposit for that money.
Or bonds. Bonds are a great, a safe
place for your little inheritance to sit.
Don't talk down to me. If I
wanted to light my money and smoke it
like your cheap cigars, I'll do so.
But I believe
in this product just as much as you
or any of the other investors.
And I want in.
Thank you, Mr. Mitchell.
- It's good. Beauty changes when she's mad.
Another reason to push her buttons.
Do want to show him the other cut?
- Yeah, roll it.
- What? What cut?
- I have no idea what
you're talking about, Mr. Mitchell.
[Music]
- So?
- What's the purpose of that cut?
It's hot.
I mean, I've got a hard-on just from
watching it. Look, Mr. Masten,
The other stuff is good but
this stuff has emotion.
It's got heat.
You two look like you're
moments away from banging right there on
the desk.
He's right. I hate like hell to say it,
but he's right.
- We can't use this. It's too-
Real? Ida and Royce hate each other.
That’s
already in there.
But if we can use that
hatred to make sexual tension, it'll
bring up a whole other element into the film.
And it would bring in the female viewers
who, right now, we have no draw on,
other than your pretty mug.
- She would never go for it.
- Since when does that matter?
She doesn't have script approval.
Okay, let's do it.
[Music]
- Hi, Gus.
- Hey, Summer.
- Is that Cocky?
- Friendly thing. You know,
I heard Cole Masten keeps him in the house.
Yeah?
Where'd you hear that?
- Around. Drove him here
this morning in his truck.
Good morning. I've put the
Sides and updated Call sheet in here.
- Great.
Thank you.
There is a new scene so you want to
review it before your call time.
- Okay.
There's a kiss.
There is no love story
between Ida and Royce.
I have read the book.
Three times.
- I saw that in the damn book.
It's the movie. Writers are adding
the excitement. If you're
in the business, you know.
It's normal.
- You know I've read the script.
Ida and Royce hate each.
Why would Royce suddenly
pushes Ida against the file cabinet
and kisses her passionately.
It is stupid.
The passion from their hatred will make
it hotter.
- No, it doesn't make it hotter.
It makes it stupid.
I swear if he kisses me.
I'll be losing.
- Yes you will. You'll
fall apart under my mouth, baby.
- Please.
Don't flatter yourself.
I don't even like you.
Stupid side!
- Well, that went well.
- What did you expect?
We threw this on her without warning.
I told you. We should meet with
her this morning go over
the changes to prepare her.
But no,
you wanted to dump it on her via call
sheets and sides.
- Dump it on her. I was one of the
hottest man alive last year.
It's not like she has to
mentally adjust to a war camp.
How hard can it be to kiss me?
It's actually three kisses and a grope.
I'll go talk to her.
- No! With my luck,
you two would make up and any
authenticity to the scene
will disappear.
Just stay away from her.
Cole! Cole!
[Music]
- I want blue.
- Red is punchy.
Red looks iconic. Red is patriotic.
[Music]
All right, yes! Come on.
Come on, people. Time is money.
- Yeah?
- I need in California tomorrow
morning. You've been
summoned.
It's an initial play
mediation. I've arranged
it with your director.
Shoot your scene then get you ass
to LA.
- Good.
This is stupid.
- What's the problem, Summer?
Royce gives Ida a car,
and in return, she kisses him.
It's a peace offering.
I would never accept a car.
She certainly
wouldn't be jumping up and down doing
this whole pathetic routine,
you guys,
have all these screwed.
- It's not
pathetic.
It's how women in the forties acted.
You have to realize she's a divorced woman
looking for a man.
Royce is giving her a
very generous gift,
and when she hugs him
in gratitude,
he goes in for the kiss.
It's logical.
- It is logical if she's a woman
sits at home all day knitting.
It is not
logical for Ida Pinkerton,
one of the
Original 67. Am I the only
one that read the book?
- Script aren't the book. It's an adaptation.
Summer, I gotta get on a plan in two hours.
Please, don't fight me on this.
You're leaving?
- Yeah, I gotta go home, rather, Los
Angeles for the night.
My home is under
the control of my ex.
- Are you gonna stay?
That came out wrong.
Nevermind.
- I'm at the hotel. I'm meeting with
the lawyers tomorrow about the divorce.
Can we just please,
say our lines and get this baby
wrapped up?
- But it's not real
I don't want to do this.
This is not a character.
Then ad lib it.
Just like you did in the office.
But in return I need a kiss.
- Yes.
- Yes, I know,
painful. Trust me, Country.
I'm not looking
forward anymore than you are.
- Liar.
Yes, baby. And so are you.
- Let's roll.
- Lock it down.
Do you mind watching Cocky
for me while I'm gone?
Of cource.
- Just don't want him to be alone.
I could take him over to my place.
Or I'm cooking over yours.
- Yeah, if you don't mind.
That's better for Cocky.
[Music]
And, action!
Well, Miss Pinkerton,
what do you think?
Very impressive.
Do you decorate all your new cars,
Mr. Mitchell.
- It's for you.
- Me?
- Yes. It's red.
- I'm a woman, Mr. Mitchell.
- Not colourblind.
- You are  also not very
appreciative. It's soda
bottle beer. I had
a dealership mix the colour just for you.
How very generous of you.
Where's my car?
- This is your new car.
- I'm not deaf, colourblind,
or stupid.
I can see that the car is red.
However, you are of some misunderstanding
that I would be happy to accept this
from you.
Well, indeed. That is my
misunderstanding, Miss Pinkerton.
But I'm glad
that for once today we are on the
same page.
- Where's my car? The black Ford.
- Well, I'm not
entirely sure.
- Could you focus at the matter
at hand.
- Get it back.
- You don't want it back.
- You don't know what I want.
I know you want this.
[Music]
I mean what I said,
Mr. Mitchell.
- About what?
I don't want it.
- And us?
I don't want the car and I'd
appreciated it if you got mine back.
Understood, Miss Pinkerton.
Enjoy your long walk home.
And cut!
great job. Go catch your plane.
[Music]
Hey, it's Cole.
Just wanna check and see if
your new cell phone's working
- It's working.
Summer?
- Mm-hmm?
- Did you just fall asleep?
- Uh-huh.
- Do you know how many girls would kill
for me to call them? Studios run
giveaways and shit like this all the time,
and million's girls would sign up.
- Girls. Not women.
You know I used to want a belly button ring.
I am NOT a belly button ring.
Where are you right now?
Which room?
-Yours. I hope that's okay.
What are you wearing?
Cole Masten, I am not doing this with you.
-I am asking purely out of
concern for cocky.
He's never seen a
naked woman before. I worry about his
poultry hormones.
- Poultry hormones. Cocky's just fine.
I'm not naked.
I'm wearing an underwear.
- And a tank top?
- No.
I was hot and I'm going to sleep.
- No, you shouldn't.
- Uh, this is wrong.
Summer, I am a rock hard and all I can think
about is you in my bed. Please, don't
torture me by hanging up the phone.
- You're thinking of me?
- I've been thinking about you all day.
I wish you're here so you can reach
over and feel me right now.
- I've never done this before and
I don't know what to say.
You don't have to say anything
just touch yourself. Have you ever
touched yourself before?
Oh, yes. I've been single for 3 years.
I can cum myself to orgasm pretty quickly.
I want to be with you so bad.
I wish it didn't end so quickly.
I've thought about it all the time.
- You have?
- Yeah.
Tomorrow night, stay at my house.
The minute I get off that plane,
I'll drive there, and I will pin
you down on my bed and I'll worship you.
And I won't let you up until my mouth
imprinted on your mind and your taste
is my middle fucking name.
- It's for the movie.
- No. This is different.
I've known you for 13 years.
And how serious are you about her?
- Serious? She's my co-star.
Please. Nadia's team
breathing down my neck, and that
Rottweiler of an attorney you tied me to
threatening my nuts in a jar if I so
much as unzip my pants.
What is this?
Some sort of rebound or-
- I wouldn't do that to her.
- To Summer?
Fuck me. Are you in love?
The mediation is starting soon.
We should go.
Well, who let you in? This is
supposed to be a private cafe.
- Get the fuck out of here.
And let me talk to my client alone.
Let's just go outside and make sure no one
gets in here.
- Okay.
I really don't want to listen
to one of your lectures today.
Mm-mhmm.
Was your assistant correct?
I mean if it
is something else and just let me know.
We can attack it from a different side.
What are you talking about?
Walk.
I've been told to stay away
from someone before.
Made me chase her down like she
was some kind of wounded gazelle.
She ended up being my soulmate.
- So now you're saying
that I can date her?
- I'm saying that I need
to know what's going on so I can control
the media.
More importantly, the judge
and Nadia's take on it.
I can't do my job
if you're keeping things from me.
- Honestly,
I don't know what's going on with this girl?
That's the truth.
Cole will get the boat, plane,
the Montana ranch
in the Fortune Bottle.
Nadia will get the California
and Hawaii real estate.
All bank accounts
will go to their respective owners with
joint accounts split evenly.
Nadia do you agree
with the basics of this agreement?
I suppose so, yes.
Cole, do you agree with the
basics of this agreement?
- I do.
Now, if you'll excuse me
I have to get back to set.
Shooting a movie with a no-name and nobody.
Best of luck to you, Nadia.
[Music]
I can't do this.
Summer! Summer!
Miss Pinkerton, it seems to me that
you have a bit of an attitude problem.
Coming to my office telling me
how to run my business isn't quite how
we do business here at Quincy, is it?
I must tell you after every time you've
been in here, I've felt, oh- this is
bullshit!
Learn your marks and stay on them.
You've changed your marks five
times in the past two hours. If you make
up your mind. It won't be a problem.
You touch me again,
I'll put you in your mark
and hold you there.
- Cut! Okay, Summer,
Cole, Let's, uh, let's take five.
Brecken, not now.
We're filming. Press issues can wait.
No. No. This cannot wait.
- What's the problem?
It's not with you. It was Summer.
How did I not know this?
How did we not know this?
We didn't think we needed to do a full
workup on her. I mean, look at her.
We ran background criminal, porn searches-
did the blood work. Everything came back
clean.
- It wasn't a big deal. It was a long
time ago.
- So this is something you
already know about?
- My Rehearsal Dinner?
No. The Rehearsal Dinner from Hell!
Why didn't you tell us about this?
- Clear the room.
I need to speak to Summer alone.
You should have told us.
We can control
something that we know about.
This, we can't
control. Right now,
every tabloid in America
has somebody getting it on a plane
to Quincy.
When they get here, they're
gonna find every single friend of yours,
and every Chatty Cathy and talk to them.
I don't care.
- You will care. You may not care
right at this very second but trust me
you will care.
- I have been an outcast in this
town for three years.
You think I care
about what some soccer mom in Nebraska thinks
of me.
- It's not just soccer moms
in Nebraska.
It's everyone in the industry.
You know what I think,
this industry is bullshit.
It's the one-off thing for me.
After this, I'm leaving.
You get a lead role in a feature film,
and you're just gonna disappear?
Yeah.
You're not like any other
woman I have ever met.
Thank you.
Whether you value your reputation or not
you need to talk to Brecken.
Let her do her thing.
You may have to go on a couple of talk show.
Just tell your side of story.
No. I don't want to talk about it.
You don't want to talk about it on camera
or you don't want to talk to me?
How do you care?
I need to know if I should have
ambulances on speed dial for my crew.
I'll be worried about the crew.
I'd be more worried about yourself,
Mr. Masten.
Don't do that.
Don't call me that. Not here.
Then where, Mr. Masten?
I'm not playing this game with you.
I showed up for the house last night
with an erection the size of Texas.
And you weren't there.
- I'm here right now.
Not here.
I did a half-ass job with you
the last time.
I'm not gonna make that mistake again.
And I do care, Summer. Just stop
pushing me away.
You could use a friend right now
A friend?
Will you stop hating me for
just 10 minutes and let me-
I don't hate you.
You liked me?
It terrifies me.
Perhaps, you and I more
similar than I thought.
We both react, rather, passionately to
betrayal.
I did try to kill a man with a
porcelain elephant.
- [Chuckles]
Tell me what happened.
It's crazy. What I did that night?
[Music]
Three days before my wedding, I found out
my fiancée was sleeping with
my maid of honour.
Turns out I was just about the
last person in town to find out.
Should have called off the wedding.
But I didn't.
If a kid, or stupid adult or an animal
eats something that they shouldn't,
they feed them Ipecac.
Oh, it caused a violent vomiting
spell that got out all the nasty.
So it was very easy to set up.
The restaurant was serving crème brulee
for dessert, topped with a medley of berries.
I like to say I hesitated
but that'd be a lie.
Two days of pent up anger,
an hour of polite dinner
conversation with false friends.
It all pushed me to my actions.
[Music]
It was evil what I did.
In front of everyone.
Especially Quincy where appearances matter.
The town never forgave me.
That was my last moment of glory
and the Quincy sun.
You don't need them.
And that is why I'm taking
my money starting a new life.
That's why you asked about
the money right away.
Get out of here.
One of the most appealing things
about you, Country.
Means your freedom.
I was infuriating as it has been.
You always say and act I feel.
I want to propose something.
It's Friday night,
We don't have to work tomorrow.
Spend the night with me and for the next
24 hours,
no fighting. Just us together.
Okay.
Cole! Summer! We need to deal with it!
Tonight. My place. I'll handle this.
You came.
Yeah.
I brought condoms.
I have condoms. Thank you.
Where is your bag?
I didn't bring mine. I thought-
You're staying the night.
Are you hungry?
I grilled up some steaks.
- Steaks?
- We don't have to-
No. No, steaks are great.
Yeah. I can make some sides.
Never had okra.
- Oh, you're in for a treat. City boy.
[Music]
She definitely seems to recognize
me when I take her treat.
When I ask the feed store about the treats,
I got laughed out of there.
You just leave these.
Girls come on Monday.
Monday? It is Friday.
I'm not leaving a sink full of dirty dishes.
Let's just clear the food off and
set the plates down on the counter.
[Music]
Focus.
How do you think this thing's going between us?
Cole.
Come here.
[Music]
I've been dreaming of this
moment for two months.
Summer. Summer.
I want dessert, City boy.
And you for dessert.
I want something sweet.
You taste sweet.
I want chocolate and whipped cream.
[Laughter]
I think Cocky wants to go out.
Chocolate?
You're incredible, Summer.
Scott just got scared of your beauty.
Your strength.
And that incredible fucking mouth of yours.
I think he felt insecure so he choses
a woman that he felt superior to.
I just won't ever cheated on you.
Cole, I see you.
My God, you put up a lot of layers
of assholes just to keep people out.
But I see the real you.
It's not an asshole. It's me.
Perfect.
I love this you.
And I love your asshole self too.
I think I'm addicted.
I haven't been able to stop thinking about
your system the moment you open your door.
I've been thinking about this.
These.
But most of all I'm addicted to you.
And I can't stop.
I don't think I can ever stop.
Ready for Brecken's lesson to use?
No.
First rule of Hollywood, babe.
[Music]
I'm assuming, since you've
squatted yourself
on this personal property,
that you know
this beautiful woman beside me.
But what you don't know is that she's mine.
And if you fuck with her you fuck with me.
And if I'm ever so lucky, ask
her to marry me, everyone here is invited.
We'll be serving crème brulee
so make sure you eat up.
A joke, babe.
Except for the marriage part
because I love you.
Well, look at all these visitors.
Y'all hungry for some tea and biscuits?
Cuz Imma bring some out lickety-split.
And you're in this huge movie now.
You're just-
Everything seems so-  Good luck.
I'll see you at the Oscar this year.
For sure.
- Thank you.
Thank you so much. I love you.
It's Hollywood.
They're great. They're great.
Did you hear The Fortune Bottle is up
for several awards including Best Picture?
Summer made that movie what it is.
- Mm-hmm.
- Oh I ran into Shelly and she said
she think Scott and Bobbie Jo are
getting a divorce.
I wouldn't be surprised if he
cheated on her just like he did to our
poor Summer.
[Music]
www.fmsubs.com